and welcome back to more links awakening
give you head right from the mountain
area told you and you unlock that now we
head back to where we were and with the
key unlock it pretty much gets rid of
the entire waterfall allowing you to
actually enter anglers tunnel reli-
dungeon I hate this dungeon so much
point to Moya it's annoying little sob
until you get the freaking flippers are
featured time geez next click make me
take out my shield eng which we
automatically mean again Oh get the
compass oh boy
why can't I just look and just say we
got the company just leave it at that
because this is linked awake yeah this
is links awakening shelia also the games
ah ha ha and that's pretty much what
Danny man goddesses yep what is the
zelda game that actually like does this
one do you take damage when you fall
into the wall it just makes you go back
to the screen you were previously and i
hears once there's one zelda game that
when you fall into water without the
flippers you take damage you remember
which one that is carty link to the past
no it's not linked to the past hour
mystical power went away nobody knows
put in a comment yeah there's one that
you can sit there falling into water
over and over again eventually you die
no I always tireless links awakening
that's what I thought it was I wonder if
it's just links I wonder if it's the
links awakening for the like Game Boy
not the dance version hmm not sure
football wat in water again and take
damaged in it this one and that idiot
enemy was so stupid he fell in the water
himself you're taking half damage that
might have been why you didn't take any
damage it might have been yeah I am
stupid do this we
yeah fall into that d patch of water I'm
gonna curious yeah oh let me kill this
enemy first dang it go away go away no I
didn't want to waste a bomb you might
never take damage again from the water
it might have been this one I don't know
yeah just look at a video or something
real fast oh I don't know one of the
games I just don't know which one come
on die die die tonight good thing we
have plenty of bombs no I don't want to
know that I know there's a crack in your
can shatter it geez okay now i placed
actually used to make sure that make
sure i think i could tell just by
looking at you know what i miss enough
on the water there are some of those
people ouch
now helium we went through all this and
go back ugg boots run no there we go and
we switch back because we are just a
cool dude this song is pretty much the
dungeon theme just sped up or something
I don't know I already got that you did
it you did it easy to do but yeah like
Danny said it's it's pretty much gonna
be annoying without until you get these
flippers which you're an able to to swim
and yes minor spoilers but obvious one
because you can tell there's water all
around you you're opposed to get
something they help you around the
dungeon and what else to help you but
the flipper themselves all right and I'm
so you look to that and we got there
here we got the power oh I know this
power I don't mind getting at least you
know it does you can chill everything
basically one hit no something mini bowl
oh then equip the thing wing all right
side that's we can now destroy all
enemies just like that
home jump around like a pic in it it was
meant to water oh I don't know water
yeah I think it's you fall off and you
can you get back